[Intro music}
[Izzy] It's time for the
Digimon encyclopedia.
Garurumon. This Digimon
evolves from Gatomon.
Garurumon's super speed can
confuse enemies in battles.
Matt and Garurumon
make a perfect pair.
Now let's check this out.
That beautiful fur is sharp
enough to be a weapon.
I wonder if it ever
gets painful for Matt
when he sits on it?
Maybe he has got, like,
a special cushion?
I wonder.
[Electronic music]
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Intro music]
[Narrator] Just as they were
about to rejoin Tai's team,
Matt's team were
suddenly attacked
by Mammon and Yukidarumon.
[Crashing sounds]
Dora was badly
injured in the battle.
And to allow her time
to get to a safe place,
Joe offered himself as bait
to lead their attackers away.
When Joe found himself
driven into a corner,
his determination digivolved
Ikkakumon into Zudomon,
and provided Zudomon with
the power he needed to defeat
Mammon.
[Crashing and fighting sounds]
Meanwhile, Sora had
also escaped danger
and was soon
completely recovered.
But as Tai and his team finally
came to the end of the long
caves, they found something
they little expected.
[Busy street sounds]
[Gasps]
Wait, is this?
Humans everywhere?
Have we really?
[Mimi] Come back, back
to the real world?
[Tentomon] Whoa
Big buildings
everywhere you look!
[Traffic sounds]
[Tai] The power failure,
it's been fixed.
[Train engine]
Does that mean the
disaster's over?
[Mimi] So, Tokyo was saved?
[Izzy] But we haven't found
the Celestial Digimon yet...
I don't think... Have we?
[Tai] No
I don't believe it.
We've really come back.
Hurray! Now I can
finally take a shower!
[Mimi] I can change clothes,
I can listen to music,
I can go shopping again.
(stomach growl)
And food, there is food!
[Mimi] Bubble tea.
Pancakes
And of cause,...Burger
Jack's Avocado Cheeseburger!
[Palmon] Huh?
[Mimi] Avocado cheeseburger!
Is it good?
It's so good Palmon, I
think you will love it too.
[Palmon makes an
excited reaction]
[Electronic ping]
[Tai] It's no use.
It just won't connect.
Mine won't either.
So maybe phones in the
internet aren't fixed yet?
That doesn't seem very likely.
[Mimi] Hey you guys.
[Both] Huh?
Why don't we all go
Burger Jack together?
[Tai] Go where?
[Izzy] Burger Jack. It's a
foreign high end burger shop.
[Tai] I don't have much
money on me, besides
I'm more worried
about my family.
Why don't we all go home first?
Yeah, that does make sense.
I would really like
to shower and change
before I go out.
[Izzy] Then let's
take the subway.
It's just one train to Shibuya.
[All make confused reaction]
[Subway sounds]
[Agumon giggles]
This subway thing is amazing!
[Tentomon] But it's
so dark outside!
[Palmon] Yeah. I
can't see a thing.
Yeah. That's the way it is on
the subway most of the time.
Wow. It's kind of boring.
How is it we were
able to come back?
I just don't get it.
Maybe Sora's team
beat the Digimon
who caused the disaster?
Oh, or maybe we defeated it,
without even realizing it?
[Street sounds]
[Overhead subway
announcements in background]
Yeah, it's Shibuya,
looks the same.
I can't wait to show you
where I live and introduce you
to my mom and dad, Palmon.
[Palmon] You mean it's okay
for me to come along with you?
Of course it is.
[Tentomon] Won't your family
be a little, you know,
surprised by us?
Well, most people should be.
Yet no one's taken any
notice of you guys so far.
[Mimi] - We'll just
explain everything.
They'll understand.
[Agumon] Really?
[Tai] We have to
change trains here
[Mimi] Palmon and I can
walk home from here.
Look at the rich
girl. Must be tough
living in these parts.
I'll get in touch
with you guys later.
Come on, let's go shall we?
OK.
[Both giggle as walking away]
[Tentomon] See you later.
[Agumon] I could ride
underground forever.
This time we're
gonna be above ground
for part of the ride.
[Tai] So you'll get
to see some scenery.
[Tentomon] Woo, woo. Will
we really? How exciting!
I wonder if the
others came back too?
or if they're still stuck?
Is it possible that the
disaster really ended?
Huh?
I mean, we haven't done
anything yet. Have we?
[Mimi] Hmmm. So if Hachiko
Square is over here,
Then we want to go this way.
Okay
[Mimi] Everything has changed
with all this construction
going on. So even a local
like me can get lost in here.
[Suspense music plays]
Yeah, this place is
like a giant maze Mimi.
[Suspense music]
[Train
announcement]....Shibuya...
A celestial Digimon.
I wonder what it was, exactly.
[Tai sighs thoughtfully]
[Footsteps]
[suspense music]
[Mimi out of breath]
Construction or no construction,
we still ought be able
to get out of this station.
Hey look, Mimi. Weren't
we stuck here earlier?
[Mimi sighs]
[Mimi's stomach growls]
[Mimi] Polman, are
you as hungry as I am?
[Polman] Mmm-mmm.
[Mimi] Hey, I never
realized before
just how much you
look like an avocado.
Huh?
[Happy tone of music]
[Surprised gasp]
Hi, welcome to Burger Jack.
[Polman] So this is the place
that has the food you liked?
[Mimi] That's right!
[Clerk] What would you like?
Will it be for here or to go?
[Mimi] For here.
I'll take two avocado
cheeseburger combos please.
And to drink...?
[Clerk] What would you like?
Will it be for here or to go?
What?
What would you like? Will
it be for here or to go?
Will it be for here or
to go? [distorted voice]
What would you like?
Will it be for here or to go?
Will it be for here
or to go? [Distorted]
[Both gasp in fear]
[Izzy] It's weird,
don't you think?
I mean, they have lived
through a huge disaster
but everybody around
here is acting like
nothing happened at all.
[Agumon] Hey Tai, shouldn't
we be at the scenery part
by now?
We're almost..
Wait, you're right.
We should have been
above ground by now.
[Intense music]
[Train PA] Shibuya. Shibuya.
The next station is Shibuya.
[Izzy] But it can't be,
we left Shibuya station
so long ago.
[Agumon] What is it? Are we
already at your house Tai?
[Out of breath]
This place is so weird.
We can't find a way out of it.
Yeah neither can we.
[Typing]
[Izzy] Come on please connect.
[Tentomon] Huh?
Excuse me Sir, I need some help.
Yes. I'm so sorry.
I can't make change.
Huh? No. We are just
looking for the exit.
I can't make change [distorted]
[Train worker] I am so sorry
I can't make change [Distorted]
[Mimi gasps]
[Mimi] Tai!
[Gasping]
[Crashing Agumon attacks]
[Tai] Is that a Digimon?
[Intense music]
Watch out!
[Mimi screams]
Poison Ivy!
[Fighting sounds]
[Tentomon] Super Shocker!
Pepper Breath!
[Dramatic music]
[Digimon sounds to struggle]
[All] Huh?
[Digimon screeching]
[Fighting and explosions]
[Tai] There is too many of them!
Run!
What is going on?
How come there is
Digimon in Tokyo?
I have no idea! Maybe
they showed up here
while we were away?
Either that or else...
[Izzy] Tai, this is the same
gate we went through earlier
We are going in circles.
[Mimi] Now what do
we do, what do we do?
[Izzy] Stay clam, we just
have to find a different way..
[Agumon] Watch out!
[Crashing]
[Explosions]
Wait a minute.
I think we might be able
to escape this place.
Agumon. I'm gonna
need your help, okay?
[Agumon grunts agreement]
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to...!
[Upbeat Music]
[Greymon] Greymon!
[Greymon] Nova blast!
[Explosion]
[Footsteps]
[Mimi] Yey, we got out! Now
we can finally go home and..
[Tai] We can't.
Huh?
[Suspense music]
[Crowd laughs]
What's happening , what is this?
Well for one, this is
clearly not our world.
[Izzy] You are right Tai,
you're still in
the digital world.
This is a city created out
of data, an artificial Tokyo.
[Music]
[Mimi] No way, here I thought
we were finally back home.
That means the real Tokyo...
The one back home in our
world is still in danger.
[Traffic jam noise]
[Radio] All roads
leading out of Tokyo
are completely jammed
with vehicles
trying to flee the city.
Officials are urging
citizens to stay in place
and to remain calm and await
further official instructions.
Hurry up Kari. You've
gotta get ready.
Oh, I'm ready to go anytime.
Oh, I almost forgot our
health insurance cards.
[Tai's Mom] Now,
where did I put them?
[Cat meows]
It's up to us. We
can't go back yet.
We're the only ones
who can stop this.
[Tai] It's gotta be us.
[Mimi sounds scared]
Mimi. Once this is all over
will you take me to get
that avocado cheeseburger
in the real city?
Palmon....
But until than Mimi
let's just do our best.
[Mimi makes determined sound]
[Dramatic music]
All right, I'll do it.
And when it is over I
swear I am going to get you
that Avocado
Cheeseburger Palmon.
Yeah!
[Dramatic music]
Here we go Palmon.
Ready Tentomon?
[Palmon] Palmon digivolve to...!
[Togemon] Togemon!
[Tentomon] Tentomon
digivolve to...!
[Kabuterimon] Kabuterimon!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
[Dramatic music and explosions]
[Kabuterimon] Electro Shocker!
[Togemon] Needle Spray!
Huh?
[Eyesmon Roars]
[Mimi] They all fused
together into one big one!
[Dramatic music and laser beams]
[All grunting with exertion]
[Greymon] Greymon...
digivolve to...!
[Metalgreymon] Metalgreymon!
[Kabuterimon] Kabuterimon
digivolve to...!
[Togemon] Togemon
[Lillymon] Lillymon!
[Megakabuterimon]
Megakabuterimon!
[Metal Greymon] Trident Arm!
[Music concludes with explosion]
[Dramatic music and
screeching Eyesmon]
Metalgreymon, no!!
How does a whole building just
suddenly appear like that?
[Megakabuterimon] Horn Buster!
[Horn Blaring]
[Explosion]
MegaKabuterimon!
Be careful up there Lillymon.
Flower cannon.
Lillymon!
I finally got it!
[Izzy] Eyesmon!
[Mimi] Huh?
[Tai] A champion Digimon?
[Izzy] Eyesmon's body can be
scattered to collect data...
and from that data,
Eyesmon can replicate objects!
Eyesmon reassembled and created
this whole city that way!
But it's not just a city.
It's more like a nest.
You mean that thing copied
and pasted all of Tokyo?
It's more like all of
it's data. But Izzy,
are you saying...?
[Izzy] Yeah. That
Eyesmon is the cause
of Tokyo's power failure!
[All roar]
[All gasp]
[Grudumon] Wing Blade!
Wait, was that?
Hey there Tai, where
the heck are we?
Sora, it is you!
[Joe] Say uh, we
won't get in trouble
if we break that thing will we?
[Zudomon] Vulcan's Hammer!
[Satisfied gasps]
Hey Tai.
Hey Matt.
[Matt] We can talk later.
We can take this guy down.
[Fighting grunts]
[Weregarurumon] Wolf Claw!
[Fighting thuds continue]
[Metal Greymon] Let's all
focus our attacks together!
[All grunt]
[Metal Greymon] Giga Storm!
[Weregarurumon] Wolf Claw!
{Garudumon] Wing Blade!
[Lillymon] Flower canon!
[Zudomon] Vulcan's Hammer!
[Megakabuterimon] Horn Buster!
[Exciting electronic music]
[Large explosion]
[Serine music]
[Electronic buzzing]
I finally got a
connection. In our world,
Tokyo hasn't had electricity
for three nights.
[Reporters chatter on screen]
[Izzy] It sounds
like absolute chaos.
[Tai] The third night,
that's almost 72 hours.
[Matt] So the situation
hasn't changed at all.
[Tai] What do we do?
We haven't even met
the Celestial Digimon yet!
[Izzy] Wait, this is
really weird you guys.
The feed from our world is
coming in at normal speed.
[Izzy] Can this be?
[All gasp]
[Roaring]
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] By alluding it's
gigantic eight heads can Tia
and the others find and strike
at the enemy's weakness.
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure.
The Battle in Tokyo
Against Orochimon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.